Update vulnerability vs reproducibility section (#102738)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-troubleshoot-environments.md

## Reproducibility and vulnerabilities

### Vulnerabilities

Vulnerabilities can be addressed by upgrading to a newer version of a dependency or migrating to a different dependency that satisfies security
requirements. Mitigating vulnerabilities is time consuming and costly since it can require refractoring of code and infrastructure. With the prevalence
of open source software and the use of complicated nested dependencies, it's important to manage and keep track of vulnerabilities.

There are some ways to decrease the impact of vulnerabilities:

- Reduce your number of dependencies - use the minimal set of the dependencies for each scenario.
- Compartmentalize your environment so issues can be scoped and fixed in one place.
- Understand flagged vulnerabilities and their relevance to your scenario.

### Vulnerabilities vs Reproducibility

> Reproducibility is a one of the foundations of software development. While developing production code, a repeated operation must guarantee the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reproducibility is one of the foundations of software development. While developing production code, a repeated operation must guarantee the same
```

result. Mitigating vulnerabilities can disrupt reproducibility by changing dependencies.

> `AzureML Environment`'s primary focus is to guarantee reproducibility. Environments can broadly be divided into three categories: curated,

Reviewer: I think it might still be worth it to have a "Types of Environments" section even if you might repeat certain things in the reproducibility vs vulnerability section. From the vulnerability vs. vulnerability section title, it isn't clear that in that section you will get an overview of the different environment types. so people looking for a section on environment types may be confused or may be unsure where to look for that info.

Author: I agree - I'll add back in the original

user-managed, and system-managed.

**Curated environments** are pre-created environments that are managed by Azure Machine Learning (AzureML) and are available by default in every `Workspace`
provisioned.

Intended to be used as is, they contain collections of Python packages and settings to help you get started with various machine learning frameworks.
These pre-created environments also allow for faster deployment time.

In **user-managed environments**, you're responsible for setting up your environment and installing every package that your training script needs on the
compute target and for model deployment. These types of environments are represented by two subtypes:

- BYOC (bring your own container): the user provides a Docker image to AzureML
- Docker build context: AzureML materializes the image from the user provided content

> Once you install more dependencies on top of the Microsoft-provided images, or bring your own base images, vulnerability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you install more dependencies on top of a Microsoft-provided image, or bring your own base image, vulnerability
```

management becomes your responsibility.

You use **system-managed environments** when you want conda to manage the Python environment for you. A new isolated conda environment is materialized
from your conda specification on top of a base Docker image. While Azure Machine Learning patches base images with each release, whether you use the

> latest image may be tradeoff between reproducibility and vulnerability management. So, it's your responsibility to choose the environment version used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
latest image may be a tradeoff between reproducibility and vulnerability management. So, it's your responsibility to choose the environment version used
```

> for your jobs or model deployments while using system managed environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for your jobs or model deployments while using system-managed environments.
```

Associated to your Azure Machine Learning workspace is an Azure Container Registry instance that's used as a cache for container images. Any image

> materialized, is pushed to the container registry, and used if experimentation or deployment is triggered for the corresponding environment. Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
materialized is pushed to the container registry and used if experimentation or deployment is triggered for the corresponding environment. Azure
```

> Machine Learning does not delete any image from your container registry, and it's your responsibility to evaluate the need of an image over time. Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Machine Learning does not delete any images from your container registry, and it's your responsibility to evaluate the need of an image over time. Users
```

> Machine Learning does not delete any image from your container registry, and it's your responsibility to evaluate the need of an image over time. Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Machine Learning does not delete any image from your container registry, and it's your responsibility to evaluate which images you need to maintain over time. Users
```

## Reproducibility and vulnerabilities

### Vulnerabilities

Vulnerabilities can be addressed by upgrading to a newer version of a dependency or migrating to a different dependency that satisfies security
requirements. Mitigating vulnerabilities is time consuming and costly since it can require refractoring of code and infrastructure. With the prevalence
of open source software and the use of complicated nested dependencies, it's important to manage and keep track of vulnerabilities.

There are some ways to decrease the impact of vulnerabilities:

- Reduce your number of dependencies - use the minimal set of the dependencies for each scenario.
- Compartmentalize your environment so issues can be scoped and fixed in one place.
- Understand flagged vulnerabilities and their relevance to your scenario.

### Vulnerabilities vs Reproducibility

Reproducibility is one of the foundations of software development. While developing production code, a repeated operation must guarantee the same
result. Mitigating vulnerabilities can disrupt reproducibility by changing dependencies.

> `AzureML Environment`'s primary focus is to guarantee reproducibility. Environments can broadly be divided into three categories: curated,

Reviewer: nit: not sure if the quotes are needed here. and I think it would be okay to just say AzureML here
```suggestion
AzureML's primary focus is to guarantee reproducibility. Environments can broadly be divided into three categories: curated,
```

user-managed, and system-managed.

> **Curated environments** are pre-created environments that are managed by Azure Machine Learning (AzureML) and are available by default in every `Workspace`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Curated environments** are pre-created environments that are managed by Azure Machine Learning (AzureML) and are available by default in every AzureML workspace.
```
